hey there folks core here with SlashGear
calm today we have a brand new phone
here to show everyone real quickly you
can do a couple of videos here with the
brand new windows phone 8x by HTC so
that's the official name here of this
new HTC 8x running on Windows Phone 8
obviously so what we have here is an
awesome new phone from the folks at HTC
this is going to be their new flagship
device that a lot of the top-tier specs
regarding Windows Phone as far as
hardware software is concerned so really
quickly here we're going to run through
the hardware and then you obviously get
to see a little bit of this software and
then we'll show you more of that in
another video so right off the gate here
there's a couple of new things with
Windows Phone 8 which will touch on
below in another video that is support
for dual core and multi-core processors
as well as support for more resolutions
bigger resolution displays larger
screens and then as well as NFC and a
couple of other things are all new to
Windows Phone 8 so what we have here is
the brand-new windows phone 8x by HTC
and as you can see here with a bright
and beautiful 4.3 inch 1280 x 720 p HD
display and that is slcd to switch
should look gray outside and in bright
situations and then under the hood here
what makes this all so kind of unique is
a new for Windows Phone here with
Windows Phone 8 is a 1.5 gigahertz
dual-core Qualcomm processor we also
have 16 gigabytes of internal storage
one gig of ram NFC support 1,800
milliamp battery and a couple of other
things that NFC support you'll be able
to use the new you know wallet Microsoft
wallet here that's kind of coming
eventually but let's go over this
Hardware a little bit more like I said
4.3 inch HD display dual-core processor
and then otherwise just an awesome
polycarbonate shell hear from HTC and as
you can see the design is very elegant
very simple the sides kind of curve over
and a very nice and simple smooth
elegant way it's really comfortable to
hold
hand based on just these smooth edges
although the decides here are kind of
pointy but that doesn't really cause
much for concern then also here is that
Corning Gorilla Glass protecting that
4.3 inch screen nicely smoothly meets
the sides here which a lot of people
kind of said is similar to nokia with
HTC here but uh obviously right up front
here we can see these dedicated buttons
the search with being that start button
microsoft button and then back then up
top here we have that black unit here
but HTC has red and yellow and blue this
will be glowing that same color this is
the speaker grill up top which is
probably a little hard to see but that
will be colored and quite noticeable
with other models of different colors
and then when we have here is a 2.1
megapixel front-facing camera which is
kind of unique capable of 1080p video it
is backside illuminated sensor and it
also is a wide-angle 2.1 megapixel lens
they're claiming with microsoft skype
you can fit four people in a
front-facing camera video chat and as
you wrap around the back here with HTC
we have that 8 megapixel camera on the
rear LED flash and that is also a 1080p
capable camera this does have HTC's
image chip so you'll get a you know
enhanced pictures great 1080p video
Beats Audio is included here and that
speaker grill down below so you can also
expect some awesome audio quality then
as you wrap around the side here with
the button right here which is actually
a dedicated camera button with two
stages back to the camera windows phone
8 you can now have a lot of things like
pinch to zoom for actual zooming in in
the camera app right here is the volume
up and down as well as a dedicated slot
here for that SIM slot laptop here is
the power button it is kind of hard to
see because the design is all black and
very sleek and elegant but we have a
power button here a little sport spot
here for the mud whether a noise
cancellation pinhole and then the 3.5
millimeter headphone jack nothing off to
this left side and as you wrap around on
the bottom is the micro USB for charging
and syncing as well
as that microphone so over all that was
just a quick look here at the new
windows phone 8x by HTC with a 4.3 inch
HD display and dual core processor stay
tuned we're going to show you a little
bit of that awesome windows phone 8
software here and a second thanks for
watching